hello everyone I am going to explain how to convert a chori editions asked 10
At any given moment I can do at any time a laptop
through the internet mobile
for this we are going to take the terminal
we're going at least
there were many adjustments
within settings
we search
Applications
of applications we look for development
in development we have to mark
debugging vs betis in my case I do not have marked
and simulated location
states boxes
is for the application we give status below
can access two data spaces
the drums were
our car thing marked
we go to the sea that
and we are going to look
an application that is called
d tánit
tevenet
and in this case and I have to put
came in and as you can see there are two applications
mtl and another one that is also
in the same style
but
in this case we want how tele works
lala moss
as always they give advice
it's not the people and officials of running
we were
tell us everything you can do everything you can do
This application
affection for unstable obligation
net percent that is being installed
we can all say
we want or approving only has an Indian rocket fault
if right now he explained and there was the application
we do not go to the menu
and look for it 2
when he said that we have scrupulously checked twice
in April google cn
is to perform through a bone of whoever is in this mobile by the
moment until it's the no update to 2 1
we can only leave
a select
or by group when by as brutus
it tells us that only
is paying two points today but a superior
in our case as a model for a supposed power
we scored vs
as in the first time it is who we execute it tells us
the one that we have to install an application also the pp
we tell him to bring
and candles from a web page where you will give us
when 32 bits
about 22 Dec 64 thousand mackintosh
in this case my computer we have bwin 2 84 bits
we mark it
and start downloading
As you can see video I have downloaded with clear mood is going back down
and a defeat in masters lowered
that in this case of unnim and poland patras
because I do not have lowered
we do not leave everything
connect
the wire
at tc
and as always they ask us if we want to connect clothes transfer
athletics to climb
and he does not know
in the system
so we can do
to memory sd
we open it
and we look for a folder that is called
and we look for a folder that shamah blur
annual percent
do not do it
inside the vehicle file the file
in this way we go a little bit of everything
iruna de oca accurate
in this case own town
copies here
iranzo reprimand
they asked us windows 7 if we want to give permission
obligation
we give him
others
about
To the next one
anes
we accept the license
nets
imex
they asked us we came to save what we say that well
with excuse for tourism, but it works perfectly
and he asked us if we have seen the traitors
vsd as we already have them installed again enough own terminal
we say no
installed
and now it goes a little bit just for a few tests
installed the application
the application result
I have disabled
so they all saw it
is deactivated
the internet connection
why not
everything is connected to the internet and the program itself
our endorsements
tests
this application depends on one side for a little over a month at least
in this case they were a little bit more
that not all prelates
-she snapped
mugabe piratea in English
in this case
what I compose time and faster
per cent will offer us to the bottom part as a kind of telephone
if you click on it
it puts you connect to the internet
I connected internet
completed
connecting
the terminal is supposed to be connected and if we did not go to a
page v
we go for example the load
our web
well as you can see it is quite depends on the operator and the transfer
of data that you have
it's pretty fast
loading
as much that as he lived a moment a test for example
with this video
as you can see the Romanian baby won very fast the sea
it's worth curious thing too
is that the terminal
when the items want
up Navarre
it puts you out of the positive
they are using device data
the other sport deputation of lugo st
with this I do not say what terminal can happen
like and seen very fast very very fast to install
i a piano at first in 3 3% of our entire state does not support any
of these
let's hope that one side stays
soon we can not also through an envelope
well nothing texts all thanks to all